Upgrade gate seals for dual governance (#28)
lidofinance/gate-seals: README.md

Each GateSeal is operated by a committee, essentially a multisig account responsible for pulling the break in case things go awry. However, authorizing a committee to pause/resume the protocol withdrawals would be utterly reckless which is why GateSeals have a number of safeguards in place:
- each GateSeal can only be activated only once and becomes unusable immediately after,
- each GateSeal can only be activated within its expiry period of 1 year maximum and becomes unusable past its expiry timestamp even if it was never triggered,

> - the pause duration set at costruction time is limited to infinite (uint256 max value).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the pause duration is set at construction time and may be unlimited (if uint256 max value is used)
```
